chick you're the only one who can save
her Drake damn it I'm a doctor I'm not
God well there goes my whole belief
system I get Leslie out of the coma and
then we make out how can that be you
were just kissing Sabrina Rachel it's a
world where Joey is a neurosurgeon hey
Erica
how did you get here so fast I just saw
you in Salem right they uh they
choppered me in I see you're having a
little party too is she here huh who
Sabrina I know about you too I saw you
today kissing in the doctors lounge
that's not what you think that was do
you told me I was the only one
all right look that's it I don't think
we should see each other anymore all
right look I know I should have told you
this a long time ago but I am NOT Drake
Remora okay I'm not even a doctor I'm an
actor I just pretend to be a doctor oh
my god do the people at the hospital
know about this somebody want to help me
out here where am I the University
Hospital the same place you've been for
the last 18 years how can you be here in
there because it's a television show
Drake what are you getting at nice girl
not great with concepts I'm not
Drake that's right he's not Drake
he's hans ramoray drake's evil twin
is this true yes yes it is true and I
know this because because he pretended
to be Drake to sleep with me
and then he told me he would run away
with me and he did it and you left the
toilet seat up you bastard
[Applause]
is all this true yes I'm afraid it is
you deserve much better than me Erika
you deserve to be with the real Drake
he's the one you fell in love with go to
Salem find him he's the guy for you Oh
Hans Hans
you know evil twin right goodbye Erika
good luck in Salem take care I'll never
forget you Hoss all right the people who
threw the water fired